---
title:  "2022 Predictions"
mathjax: true
author: shrey
category: jupyter
---

# 2022 Predictions

## Principles of 2022

- Soveriegn Individual
- Populism
- Centrism

## Politics / Macro Economics

### USA
- Continued favouring of centrism in all aspects and less authoritarianism.
- Push for wealth inequality experiments like UBI in areas of which wealth gaps are the greatest.
- Crypto policies and regulations are released from the SEC that do not favour people working on crypto to stay in America.
- Midterm elections that lead to growing internal conflict that could motivate a civil war / coup in the years to come.
- Trump to announce running for 2024 elections.
- Summer fires on west coast will cause a significant population decrease as compared to historic years and there will be a large natural disaster in North-America that CAN/AMEX is not prepared for due to focus on COVID response. 
- Stimulus cheques written in the earlier part of the year for service workers. Large number of individuals in the service economy leave causing a large push for automation in the service economy. Stimulus cheques written lead to increase liquidity for many individuals short-term causing another increase in crypto (applies to Canada as well)
- With the emergence of DAOs, we will start to see more people go full-time into working with these types of organizations. The traditional 9-5pm workplace job will start to be displaced with alternative mechanisms of working (applies to Canada and Europe).
- Attempt to battle inflation with price controls instead of traditional monetary policy (applies to Canada as well).
- Traditional central banking systems are challenged with decentralized finance companies.

### Canada
- Continued cycle of restrictions and lockdowns if variants continue.
- Writing stimulus cheques for service economy.
- Not standing any ground or position in any of the major geo political conflicts (Russia, Taiwan, USA, China).
- Significant supply chain issues if lockdowns persist in key port authority regions.

### Geopolitics

#### China and Taiwan
- China makes a move closer to the end of the year to take over Taiwan and dominates the manufacturing business causing significant supply chain issues in Western countries.
- China becomes the leading super power of chip manufacturing.

#### China and USA
- The battle for the global reserve currency becomes more apparent.
- Battle for semi-conductor manufacturing becomes clear at the mercy of China.

#### Russia and Ukraine
- War does not take place. 

## Sports

### NBA

- Golden State Warriors win if Klay Thompson comes back, otherwise Chicago Bulls win.

### Olympics

- Canada does not hockey win due to lack of NHL players going

## Tech

Needed more time for this seciton. 